Added alias command `automate` for `inspec compliance` (#5490)
chef/inspec: docs-chef-io/content/inspec/cli.md

inspec compliance login
inspec exec compliance://username/linux-baseline
```

> An alternate command for login:
> ```
> inspec automate login
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion

`inspec automate` is an alias for `inspec compliance` and works the same way:

```
inspec automate login
```
````

inspec exec compliance://username/linux-baseline
```

> `inspec automate` is an alias for `inspec compliance` and works the same way:

Reviewer 2: List automate before compliance, and present compliance as being a backwards-compatible alias.
